hey everybody this is Dave from cook and
chair and today we're making up one of
everybody's all-time favorite fast foods
sliders these mini burgers are simple
delicious packed with flavor I know
you're gonna want to make them so let's
get started
well what I have here is about a pound
of lean ground beef so to make the
patties I'm gonna add about half a cup
of breadcrumbs to it a small chopped
onion now you want this chopper really
really fine an egg a tablespoon of
Worcestershire sauce about half a
teaspoon of salt another 1/2 teaspoon of
ground black pepper a couple of cloves
of crushed garlic four or five drops of
Tabasco sauce now you can leave this out
but I find it just gives it a little
extra kick and I'm just gonna take my
spatula here and begin mixing this
together then I'm gonna switch to my
hands just to make sure everything is
really well combined
now that I've got everything nicely
combined I'm gonna scoop up a small
handful and form a patty that's about oh
I'd say three inches in diameter but
this really depends on the size of your
bun so you kind of have to eyeball your
buns while you're making your patties
and we'll set these aside on a plate and
repeat the process for the rest of the
mixture actually I should mention that
these really freeze nicely so what you
could do is you could make a bunch up
put them in the freezer and use them
another day okay I've got my charcoal
grill nice and hot here of course you
can use an electric grill a gas grill or
even a frying pan so I'm just gonna slip
my slider patties on in my case I'm
gonna cook them for about seven or eight
minutes on each side it really depends
on your grill so just keep an eye on
them and make sure they're cooked
through well the burgers are grilling
don't forget to click that subscribe
button and never miss a video if you
have a recipe you'd like us to cook drop
us a line below
oh now the burger patties are nicely
done and cooked through I'm gonna remove
them from the grill and slip them on to
a toasted dinner roll now this is the
way I build my slider of course it's
entirely up to you how you build yours
but I'm gonna start by grating some
cheddar cheese over top of the patty
followed by a slice of tomato onion some
lettuce what a my all-time favorites
yellow mustard the ketchup and last but
not least relish now I'm simply gonna
slip the top on put a toothpick in the
center just to hold it together and
you're ready to dig in
and there you have it our easy tasty and
juicy sliders believe me these mini
burgers have a huge flavor and make a
great party idea so let's have a party
head on over to cook and cheer calm for
this recipe and many more easy recipes
don't forget to click to subscribe and
like our videos thanks for watching and
see you next time
you